I am amazed by all the information we have learned in just four months! Coming into Actualize I had very little experience with coding and web development, however, by the end of the course, I was able to create a complete web application by myself with both a working front-end and a back-end. I took the part-time online course while working a full-time job and while the course was challenging at times it was still both manageable and enjoyable. Actualize provided me with a very strong foundation to continue learning upon. Whenever I had questions the instructors were readily available. There is also a great job hacking program in place for graduates which not only helps grads with finding jobs but also helps in making sure we continue coding and learning through graduate initiative projects. I would definitely recommend this course to anyone interested in starting a career in web development.This is probably one of the best bootcamps out there. They provide you everything you need to succeed and also has as strong job placement program. It is amazing how much you will learn in 12 weeks. I can say that this has build a great foundation for me to pursue my career. I heard about Actualize through google and sites like this one. Really wonderful experience! Great pace, really responsive staff, always ready to help you through any questions you have. At the end, you'll have a project you have built that you can add to your portfolio, as well as skills to start the inevitable job hunt. The main course focus is on programming fundamentals using Ruby, back-end API development using Ruby on Rails, front end with Vue.js as well as some quick detours here and there. Not sure what any of that means? No problem! Through the course pre-work and first couple weeks of the camp, Actualize will get you up to speed. You'll leave with skills to help you feel confident as you enter the workforce. They teach you the building blocks of coding, as well as how to apply those building blocks to new languages, which is invaluable. I would recommend Actualize to coding newbies and intermediate coders. I will say, if you're advanced (in web-development) and looking to brush up or learn a new language in a structured environment, you will certainly be able to do that here, it will just be at a pace that is slower than what you'd probably want.Before enrolling into Actualize, I researched so many different coding bootcamps, but Actualize was the one that stood out the most to me. I had no prior coding experience, though it was tough, I gained so much insight and made my very own app! Everyone here is great, supportive, and understandable. That's something I truly enjoyed the most, that they understood this isn't going to be easy, but made sure I pulled through. I highly recommend Actualize to anyone who's experienced or not. Great way to take the first step into Software Development.Course work was unbelievably challenging and the pace was dizzying, but the online course was easily as rewarding as any class I've taken in person. Brian and his TA Josh went above and beyond in being engaging, present, and accessible. There is a delicate balance between teaching someone and giving them the answer, especially when the pace of learning is so accelerated. The instructors walked that line delicately. My only complaint was that there wasn't more time to learn.I heard about Actualize through some developers at the company I work for. They had started their careers here and have been quite successful. That was enough of a testimonial for me to commit.The overall experience was what I was looking for which was a wholeistic approach to software engineering.  No bootcamp is going to turn you into a master coder but it will show you the fundamentals and give you a solid foundation to build off of. You will get out of this course what you put into it.Actualize is a good chocie for someone who has an idea of what they want. I believe having clear goals in mind prior to starting bootcamp is important. I did the night cohort which meant long days but in the end was very much worth it.  At the end of bootcamp I was able to make an internal transition to the development team at my company.I chose Actualize based on the night program that allowed me to keep my job during the day. Also the location was great as I already worked downtown. The experience was great I learned a TON. I really needed a classroom setting with an instructor to take the next step in my development and Actualize provided just that. I would recommend this Bootcamp to anyone interested in web development or looking to sharpen their skills as a web developer. It is a great place to learn no matter what your background is. The instructors and everyone involved were awesome. I chose Actualize among all the other bootcamp alternatives because they seemed to focus a lot on pedagogy, the process of teaching and learning. I knew that technical expertise wouldn't mean much if the instructors didn't know how to convey that expertise in a way that helped students grow. And boy, did Actualize deliver. Every step of the way, I felt challenged but always supported. I was given the gift of learning *how to be a programmer*, not how to memorize a specific syntax. I know, going forward, that I can fill in the gaps of what I don't know, and continue to grow as a developer becuase of the skills I learned here. It's the best decision I've ever made from a professional/education standpoint, and I would enthusiastically recommend it to anyone who is seeking to become a programmer.Peter Jang lead an intesne 12 week bootcamp where I got to learn the fundamentals of coding and how to think like a developer. I would recommend Actualize highly to anyone who is looking to enter the coding world or improve their skills. Not only is the curriculum well planned, but their job assistance that comes with the bootcamp is wonderful. Let's see... to start I was a bit skeptical as I'm sure you will be also starting something new. I knew what it was I wanted to do (learn to develop my own websites so I could stop paying thousands of dollars for a finished project nothing as I wanted) but wasn't sure which would be the best avenue to pursue. I thought about attending a JC and obtaining a CS degree but quickly found out how much I can't stand an instructor who is as dry (no pun intended) as boiled sand and speaks like Bill Stein.
 I needed something that was in line with my character and learning style. I checked out a few bootcamps, which all claimed to be the best (marketing tool), yet the only beacon in the dark was Actualize. The emphasized teaching over learning to code and how their instructors were educators of some form or another so I gave it a shot. The pre-work was pretty easy as I had just completed a pre-bootcamp course prior. Also, it gave me a chance to compare the teaching styles of the two different bootcamps. Actualize immediately stood out as the place I wanted to be. Although my cohort mates were from all walks of life and backgrounds, we seemed to mesh almost instantly like a family. It could have been the common desire of wanting to learn code, but whatever it was, it made life so much easier. My experience learning with another bootcamp also yielded high learning in a short amount of time, but the stress factor was through the roof. Knowing if I failed a few tests I'd be kicked out of the bootcamp is something I did not want looming over my head while trying to learn something completely new. 
All in all, my experience with Actualize is one I will always remember and can look back on in a few years and say that's where I got my start at and that's the reason this great site I built exists today.I can't stress enough how much one-on-one access you have with your instructor and ta's. It is a bootcamp and things come at you hard and fast. You'll get some things, not get others, and that one-on-one time will be invaluable. This will be the basis from where you'll begin your journey to learn other languages and decide where to focus as you move forward. You'll get out as much as you put in, and you'll be amazed at what you can build.Start practicing your algorithms now..you'll thank me!Good luck!Really amazing course that covers everything you'll need to know to form a foundation for software engineering. Almost all of the prework and the first half of the course is spent doing backend work, which I think is the best way to learn coding and train yourself how to solve problems like a programmer. The course covers multiple languages and frameworks, but it doesn't overload you by trying to have you learn too many at once. The instructor and the TAs are extremely knowledgeable as well as flexible with their time. Definitely recommend - it's worth the cost!My expectations were high and Actualize still managed to exceed them by a long shot.
When I was originally doing research to find a bootcamp that met my needs, Actualize stood out compared to other cohorts such as Fullstack. The only thing that was kind of spooky to me was how unanimously positive almost all of the reviews for Actualize were. An average of 4.1 out of 5 almost always feels more genuine than a 5 out of 5. Actualize is a massive exception to that rule. I'm not sure what it's average rating is, but it must be close to a perfect 5/5. Until I went through this, I really didn't believe it could be THAT good.  
What can I say that hasn't been said in any of the previous reviews? I was part of the first full-time cohort (as opposed to the part-time night cohorts that were previously the only option) and as a result, got to pour my entire life into it. 5 weeks of remote prework followed by 12 weeks of intense, non-stop learning and application. I won't sugar coat it, it's hard as hell, if you don't cry at least once, you're either already way too advanced to be considering the program or you're not paying attention. In spite of how difficult it can be, there is so much support here from all the staff. There's a palpable sense of emotional intelligence that takes into consideration the stress one goes through when learning as much as you do in such a short amount of time while unemployed and living off of savings for 4 months. It's scary, but so incredibly gratifying by the time you make it through. Out of the 14 members of my cohort, every single one of us finished even when almost all of us, at one point or another, felt like quitting from the pressure. If there is another bootcamp out there that does what Actualize does, I've yet to hear about it. 
I hope my review helps to sway anyone on the fence or currently in the process of doing research towards a bootcamp experience. I just graduated from the first daytime cohort at Actualize and highly recommend it for anyone looking to make a career change. I had researched all of the coding bootamps located in Chicago and decided on Actualize after the positive reviews I read. The environment is welcoming and the instructors make coding fun. I had no previous coding experience and am amazed by how much we learned in 12 weeks. Five stars all the way -- this program is intense but worth every moment. Actualize supports and encourages each one of their students, regardless of experience level. This coding bootcamp gently nudges you to push yourself and surpasses all expecations of what you knew (or didn't know) about coding and the tech industry.Coming from a place of little knowledge about code, I dived head first into this program, unsure of what to expect. But after 12 intense and life changing weeks, I've learned more than what I could have taught myself, built webapps from scratch with other my other fellow developer classmates, and completed a capstone project on my own using the skills taught by Actualize.The course is intense, but can be done. You must be fully committed to the cause in order to make this work. The instructors were always available to answer your questions, not matter how many times you asked them, or if you repeatedly asked the same question. The job assitance that comes with the course is also great!  Lisa Tucker does a phenomenal job of making time to see you and assist you. I did the fulltime cohort, so I can only speak on behald of that. I have noregrets, I am glad I did this. I did my rounds on the review sites, talked with admissions people from other fulllstack bootcamps, and networked with other bootcamp grads before deciding on Actualize. What drew me in was the flexibility of taking the class remotely in the evening hours (I have a day job), and getting a full stack education in only 16 weeks. How did they do this? Not by cutting corners, or by hiring unskilled instructors! It is in their teaching methodology and philosophy. What I learned was not just how to build a fullstack app/site. I did learn that, but what I also learned was far more valuable. I learned how to learn to code. Yes, the teach how to learn to code. That makes the skills you learn at Actualize applicable to any language and framework from HTML to JS, and SQL that you want or need to learn. Oh and the kicker...due to their efficient teaching methodology, they do this at half the price of other bootcamps. What an experience. I am a recent grad of Actualize and I have nothing but good words to say. I was apart of the online evening/weekend course with six other students. The level of support I received from the instructor, TA and classmates were unbelievable. Everyone wants to see you win and start a career as a web developer. My background is in social work and I never thought I could become a web developer. It takes a lot of patience and determination to finish this course, but if you're truely passionate about learning how to build web apps and challenging yourself, then I say go for it. I have noregrets whatsoever. About me: I have just finished my capstone project after attending Actualize for months. I am in the IT field already (sys admin, wifi design, network infranstrure) and took a couple of years of C++ in college a long long time ago. I hated code at the time because of the haphazard and antiquated learning patterns of my university (having to write C++ functions in pencil!).Before choosing a bootcamp, I interview many people in the field to get their experiences. Actualize came up repeatidly for both in-person and online. I attended Actualize online after work. Despite my hesitations about a online class I really felt supported and empored at Actualize. With a 11 hour work day (with commute) they were still able to keep me engaged and motivated with a perfectly balanced curriculum and amazing teachers/TA. I always felt like I had someone I can reach out to, and that my fellow peers were friends and part of a community. I will whole heartidly recommend again and again.I had been contemplating attending a bootcamp for a while but was hesitant to jump in and do it.  Finally after about a year I decided to join one.  I browsed over some reviews , and decided on actualize after generally positive reviews as well as being able to attend my full-time job while attending.  Overall, I'm very pleased with my decision to join actualize.  it's pretty fast paced and intensive but the curriculum is well-structured and the instructors are excellent.  Got along very well with the other members of the cohort.  Everyone was very motivated, and willing to work together and help eachother.  which also added to the experience.  overall I'm quite satisfied with what I have learned and glad to have this experience.  I came into Actualize knowing virtually nothing about coding, save for some basic understanding of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. In 12 weeks, I learned how coding languages and frameworks are put together, and now feel comfortable taking on any language/framework. More importantly, I learned a lot about myself - how to push myself, how to have confidence in myself, and what it truly takes to achieve a final product. The instructors at Actualize are terrific, but Lisa (Actualize's career counselor) is the diamond of the organization. She gave me so much perspective and support as I underwent a huge career change - she's worth the price of admission herself.The curriculum focuses heavily on Ruby/Rails and Vue.js, but I wish a little more time was spent exploring other languages and frameworks. As well, I was placed in a fairly undiverse cohort (although seeing other cohorts on campus, I know this is not the norm), which made it a little difficult to fit in as a queer person. With all of that being said, the curriculum and the instruction were incredibly well presented, and all of the instructors were incredibly knowledgeable and helpful. Definitely recommend this school!As a graduate with a undergranduate degree in computer science, I felt I was lacking the skills needed to do web development. I tried to learn on my own with codeacademy and codewars. Those can only take you so far. I did further research and came upon coding bootcamps like Actualize and Fullstack Academy. What drew me to Actualize was the curriculum and the flexible schedule (Weeknights and Sundays)Actualize is perfect for those who want a carrer change or for those who want to obtain the skills to make an app. The first part of the experience requires diligence and perservance. You will only get what you put in. The other half is the interaction between your peers, the instructor, the TAs, and you. It will surprise you to see how close you get when going through the same struggles. At the end of the course you end up with a new family.Josh, Addie, Brittany, Natale, and Jen helped push me past my comfort zone when it came to my capstone project. They let you come up with the idea and then give you advice on how to improve it. You then realize that you now have a new mindset on what makes an app. You feel their passion in web development and for your success which made my whole experience enjoyable.After getting my degree in marketing and spending the first five years in sales roles that never felt fulfilling, I needed to make a change in my career to something that would give me more flexibility, better upward mobility, and overall happiness.I had completed a few Codecademy courses in the past, but needed something that would supply me with a bit more structure. So after seeing Actualize's great reviews, especially for their in-class Chicago campus, I applied and was accepted to the July 2018 cohort. Over the next few months, I learned more than I ever could have possibly imagined. The course is fast-paced and challenging, but once things start to stick, by the end you have a strong foundation and jumping off point for your future career in development. I met some amazing classmates during my time here, and my lead instructor Josh and all the TA's were fantastic, patient, knowledgeable and overall great people.I couldn't recommend Actualize more to anyone who is curious about programming but doesn't know where to start their career. It doesn't get much better than this.I took the 13 weeknight course and it was intense. It is a coding Bootcamp and it is intended to teach you full-stack within 13 weeks. It is a short-term commitment but it will take all your free time. Languages:  Ruby / Javascript / HTML / CSS Frameworks: Ruby on Rails / Vue.jsVersion Control: GitHub
